really really pleased to be introducing
kaiken um kaiken is a collaborative
practice or kikin r a collaborative
practice co-founded by tanya cruz hannah
amore and isabel ramos in 2015 who
frequently work with multiple
collaborators based between london and
berlin they come from mixed diasporic
backgrounds mexican japanese european
jewish and they're building a collective
shared space of virtual worlds a
metaverse
caken the japanese word for experience
uh
cake meaning the japanese river
experience creates speculative worlds
using moving image cgi gaming software
installation virtual and augmented
reality programming and performance to
merge the physical and the digital their
work simulates new structures and ways
of existing exploring how societal
interjection governs the way we feel
think and perceive
recent exhibition exhibitions include
radical gaming at htk basel uh russian
uh how will we live together at the
russian federation pavilion at the
venice architecture biennale uh pieces
of me at transfer gallery created by
yours truly uh the arts is online at
konig gallery created by annika meyer um
and many many many more um
what we're about to watch is a clip from
their 30-minute uh
we're gonna watch a clip from the video
piece wisdoms for love 3.0 which isn't
quite a video piece it's really a lot of
different things all at once it really
expands across different media
wisdoms for love 3.0 is a web-based
video game by kaiken from a larger world
building project titled metaverse we are
at the end of something this work was
developed in collaboration with with
obsolete and rendered with ryan vottier
it features mocap performances by sakima
crook and sound design by kidja
rooted in a decision making gameplay the
player uses wisdom tokens of which there
are 100 in total to help navigate to
love 3.0
or a more idealized version of the
metaverse where love and wisdom are
traded rather than currency of uh of a
purely economic value
the game explores the bubbled up
feelings compressed consciousness and
fervent beliefs of the contemporary
moment where the desire for change and a
more equitable and decentralized future
is collectively being challenged
this piece asks us what wisdom do we
need to get to love 3.0 and not just web
3.0 what kind of decentralized system do
we systems do we want to
do we want in our base reality the earth
and in the metaverse and how do we
access global kin making for the future
of humanity
and with that please enjoy this clip and
we'll be back in just a little bit for a
live performance from cake
[Music]
so
i
[Music]
wow
um
[Music]
[Applause]
sure
[Music]
so
i believe that in my very existence in
my very being
i
am a physical representation of
questioning all that we know
questioning
gender
time sex
money food all of these ideas that we've
been fed
i represent a questioning of all of
those things
my
appearance is confronting to many and
many don't wish to see it
because i represent everything and
everyone
that to look at me is to
see the parts of yourself that you
might not yet have accepted
but the whole journey starts with
self-love
seeing yourself and others understanding
that we are one
and so you must treat others the way
that you wish to be treated with love
with kindness
even on what could be perceived as your
worst day
the same amount of love that you would
show an innocent child
is the same amount of love that you must
show to yourself and others
[Music]
so
hey everyone welcome back we're here
still with julia greenway superstar
creator um and uh izzy
hannah and tani from kickin welcome guys
hi
we're really excited so
we're good so we're going to be doing a
little bit of q a but it's going to be a
little bit different than some of the
other sessions we've had today kikin is
going to be doing a show-and-tell
performance of a new sculptural piece a
haptic womb uh the the womb of the
metaverse i believe uh meta the meta
womb there we go um yeah tan uh izzy
take it away
oh yeah can you see my shared screen so
i don't
no not yet
that's weird let me just try again
okay let's see
oh i see this [__]
now i see it on the stream it's just not
in yeah oh
okay
do we see the stream
hang on everybody just a little just a
moment here while we well we get
ourselves sorted out
there we go we're good
okay so you're okay
okay
um so i have a bit of a presentation but
i can just um
i'll just go over some bits and then
i'll get to
um the sort of show and tell that i'm
gonna that we're gonna be showing and we
can talk about it
um
so i mean this side i mean wade you kind
of introduced us anyway so i'm gonna go
to the next one so here's just um a few
examples of our work here is um
uh
it was called the metaverse room and
it's a ritual performance using motion
capture 360 video and sound
um and the performer was attached to
three avatars i'll move to the next one
so this is
um our haptic wearable room which we've
made too which i'm actually going to
show you in a bit
um his um wisdoms for love 3.0 which is
an online decision making game and
non-fungible token collectibles project
and the game explored bubble dot
feelings collective consciousness and
beliefs of the contemporary moment where
the desire for change and more equal
decentralized futures collectively being
challenged
the game is rooted in decision-making
where you have to decide your fate
and you can collect up to 100 different
tokens and there's live chat featured in
it as well
um and then this is it at heck in basel
um well it's the more physical version
so you can sit and you're actually
around
water
there's another mixed reality
performance
um where basically the performers were
motion they were motion capture suits
and we use this on published
plugin where
we use this unpublished plugin where
the audience members could
on their phones
they would be on facebook and on a 360
live stream they could using like like
heart and the reaction buttons would
create live changes in the virtual
environment in the physical performance
and in the virtual world
um here's just some more thermometer
installation
augmented empathy which is an augmented
reality ar installation
um
yeah
um and i basically wanted to kind of
talk a bit about what about the
metaverse um and what it kind of means
to us
um so currently the metaverse is a
buzzword it's been coming into the
mainstream in our practice we are
constantly asking ourselves different
questions about what is the metaverse
is the metaverse a 3d virtual world
inhabited
by avatars of real people is it
something to do with nfts is it buying
virtual land that is awesome rather than
fills your body with a sense of inner
peace is it a parallel universe grown to
our collective minds um we're really
interested a lot in neuroscientist
antonio de macio who states in the
strange order of things
feelings have not been given credit they
deserve as motives monitors and
negotiators of cultural human and divas
endeavors and it is feelings that
motivate us to build to invent and to
create all artifacts and instruments and
culture dimacio argues that the root of
what we build is based on how we feel so
how do we feel right now
how do we feel as a society a culture
do we feel free excited hopeful balanced
or do we feel frustrated anxious
resentful divided do we feel with our
whole body rather than just in our mind
is it healthy to feel an array of
emotions however we often place a
hierarchy on which emotions are good or
bad positive or negative
what about the safety and awareness of
our feelings and how do they ex how do
they expel and
unfold inside oneself and another
what happens when we ignore or do not
process our feelings on individual small
or societal levels over generations and
many generations to come
if energy can neither be created nor
destroyed energy cannot can only be
transferred or changed to one form for
another what do they transmute into
where do they go um
so i'm just gonna show a clip of um
battle of reality
[Music]
me
do you
no
thank you
it
it's so temporary
[Music]
that's not true you confuse my reality
like a mirage
[Music]
we
are suffering
i'm sorry me
i'm going to have to leave you for all
[Music]
gps lower compass
position
and ultimately i take you to your
desired destination within
recent methods include web 3.0
[Music]
what did i do wrong why would they hurt
me like this
maybe you should find a new system too
yeah
i can find a new system maybe if i catch
them all then i will own all and me will
come back to me
what i meant that makes so much sense
i'm recharged with speculative energy
now so i can do anything
thank you moral compass you always help
me find myself you can just drop me off
here
before you go here's your data
keep it safe in your self-sovereign
world
but that's not enough i don't value
myself
me you are of highest authority for
yourself not others
whatever i'll see you later
[Music]
so
ah
[Music]
[__]
okay so we are building a metaverse um
who are we building it for what is it
connecting us to is it made by humans or
ai for humans or ai or is it for the
natural world and other species
do we want to experience the metaverse
to expand the experience of being human
can the metaverse help us go beyond our
unveiled
ethiologists have adopted the word
anvelt a german word for environment to
denote an organism's unique sensory
world
a world as it is experienced by a
particular organism
it is a tiny slice of reality that we
experience
in fact what we see is less than a tenth
trillionth of what is out there for
example dual beetles can sense a fire
that is as far away as 50 miles through
detection infrared and a catfish and
catfish have magnifying taste as they
possess taste buds externally so they
can taste their potential prey in all
directions
[Music]
do you remember last week we occupied
different bodies
what did we learn
[Music]
um well on the first day we learned
about the private senses
what it was like to be blind
what did you learn from that poem
i learned words differently
to listen
what else
to count my steps and really follow my
memory
oh this was a simulation to help you
have a deeper understanding of your
senses
you know i cannot teach you what it's
like to be blind often when someone
loses a part of their senses
what affects them is not the vision plus
itself but it's the change
change
one day your reality will fall from your
feet and your roots will not be on the
same ground you will suffer and then you
will move towards the sun
finding new connections this is called
wisdom something is going to happen
mommy
i spread out
and i come back
okay you can decide the body we walk
are you excited
yes mommy mommy although being blind
made me feel lost it's a very kind of
strength which i don't think i've had
that thing
so i want to be like a hammerhead a
hammerhead because they cannot see but
it can smell like extreme electricity
and send selected fields
uh
[Music]
i would have never thought about that
though
[Music]
i was just showing you a clip from phil
my metabous where in this particular
scene
um
oh and herman pando um
they are like they're role-playing and
and play occupying different bodies in
different senses so oh like um
and get they get to role play so they're
learning through um role play and
she wants to know what it's like to to
be back to be blind and what kind of
power that you would have for that and
then that leads to um being a hammerhead
shark so you can feel a sense
electricity feels and like to be able to
understand and learn from experience but
also understand the powers and having
those extra um senses
[Music]
um so jack pansep a neuroscientist said
if we begin to understand the emotions
of other animals i think we will begin
to understand our own emotions
if our feelings are the nearby
beginnings of all human diva yeah our
human endeavor is not fully understood
or shared by any humans what does this
mean when we are building the metabus
when are we building our metaverse we
like to view it as if it is an
inconnected
organic structure which has no borders
it is infinitely interconnected like
mycelium
as you can see here there's um
a sort of diagram of the brain so you
have the iphone you have the new iphone
brain as well as the reptilian limbic
and neocortex part um so our metaverse
is organic when creating a gaming
experience we want to consider the whole
body our whole consciousness one that
can feel with all the senses we want to
incorporate the wisdom of nature and the
body into it most technology tools and
content places decision making logic
language as the as the way we create and
navigate reality which is favorable to
the newest part of the brain the new
cortex however we also have the ancient
wisdom and structure of our reptilian
brain which regulate our regulates our
body our heart rate breathing body
temperature and balance which holds our
instincts and subconscious our limbic
brain houses our emotions recording our
memories and behaviors we are interested
in creating emancipatory organic
technology and gaming experiences that
activates and includes the wisdom of the
whole body
so this leads us to the haptic wearable
room
um
which we can which i'll try on in a
second um
so in this the audience um they can they
can wear they can wear it and once
they're plugged in they experience sound
frequencies vibrations of different
animals that all communicate throughout
ultrasound so we had programmed into the
haptics dolphins sounds of dolphins
whales tarzias moss frogs rats
um crickets and like more um this metal
womb is
really becomes this sort of empathy and
consciousness device used to connect to
unknown things or things we don't always
understand
it really activates an
instinctual and emotional
nature
it can be pretty cathartic in wearing it
um the piece also explores sensory
addition from the research into
neuroscientist paul becky erita who
discovered that due to the
neuroplasticity of our brains there is
the potential to rewire our senses
um
it really explores how like you can
create first-hand simulations of other
consciousness
and how we can make a future of wearable
technology for holistic
um experiences we actually were inspired
by um to make this piece um because in
2017 we did a previous duration of
performance in which performers of
different ages gender expressions sex
and cultural backgrounds intuitively
responded to live generative sound
whilst wearing silicon pregnancy bumps
and their visceral and emotional
reactions the experience of wearing
these like pregnancy bumps made it clear
that you know regardless of gender
expression sex background and age
everyone felt embodied everyone felt
attuned and had some sort of emotional
connection to the silicon valley so
something about silicon that it's really
skin like
um
which i really wish everyone could feel
right now because it feels very good
i don't know if
oh yeah here's the video actually
food
[Music]
not sure if um wade and julia you want
to come back on now
that was wonderful thank you guys so
much for that little window um you know
into what you've been up to i think that
was such an amazing way of explaining
you know your metaverse uh your
metaverse construction because
definitely better in a better way than i
than i could describe it um
this room is incredible and i understand
that you have it with you now
yeah exactly so i actually what's great
is we made since we did um so the video
about that she's tony's modeling there
um
we did that eastside projects recently
and since we've made another a new one
which is even more soft like more
squidgy so um
i don't know if because i'm with hannah
and tanya if like they want to to come
over and get with her
wow
and so it seems like it's lit from
inside are there lights inside
you should
kind of put it with your friends oh yeah
should i put my phone underneath so yeah
it's kind of like at the moment just got
this silicon and we cast yeah we cast
someone who is pregnant who's since
given birth
um at eight months
and basically
i'm gonna put a light i'm gonna put my
phone light but we usually just have you
should show what it looks like i like
yeah that's cool so you can see
can you see it's like casted inside
the technology yeah you can put the
technology so we've got transducers
which are kind of like mini speakers
that vibrate
um and then they're wired to a kind of
two-channel amp that
allows that just sends a bluetooth
single signal so you can actually you
can either you can literally just play
songs off youtube or even on call it
probably would actually just go into the
belly but we often have been working
with touch designer and recently more
kind of an ableton to be able to
really um
play with and make the feeling good oh
actually yeah this is cook
[Music]
um so i might i actually
so the first one we did with in terms of
like programming different sounds was
different animal
noises and it's what's really
interesting is it's something about the
way
the transducers the haptics like pick up
the different animal sounds it really
feels really embodied it really feels
like it's inside you and it's kind of
like we know what a dolphin sounds like
we know like we we know what they look
like we you know but we don't know what
they feel like and obviously it's i'm
not actually feeling like a dolphin but
it's a little bit more it's closer it's
not in your body it's a bit like um you
think you know what you you know that
the word dolphin exists you know what it
visually looks like you know what the
sound is like but when you have it
inside you you're like oh my and you
observe the sound you feel the
vibrations go through your body you're
like i have no idea what a dolphin
sounds like and i have no idea like what
they may be experiencing you really kind
of suddenly really go oh my god i've
never been thinking about it i've never
been like attuned i'm never even trying
to like really connect to it i just
think i know it because i know the word
dolphin exists and i know that that
sound is the sound of a dolphin and it's
so
basic it's so base level to like what we
actually know about
other
um consciousnesses and other creatures
and
yeah and i think we're really interested
in like making these kind of like more
organic technologies because it's really
important to like bring that organic
wisdom into the metabolism it's really
important that you you use all parts of
your brain your body like your body is
like a
servant your brain so a lot of
neuroscientists for a long time like
antonio demacia to inspire a lot about
how like you would be used to studying
neuroscience away from the body but then
from looking so much into like the brain
they realize that the brain the brain is
actually a servant to the body and that
they can't like
learn about it singularity because it's
like
it completely contradicts like the way
that our brain actually like processes
things in the way of the interconnection
and how interconnected
everything is
it's very nice to touch to be honest
yeah it feels so good um i don't know if
i should like but then you'll just hear
i mean you'll just hear like the
sounds yeah
i like it i know i can do you can lie
down and i can show you oh yeah that's
better is that better but you have to go
a bit further away
are you gonna play
loads
oh my computer's struggling a little bit
and maybe i'll stop sharing this and it
will maybe
help
yeah
technology that exists that's like this
idea of like bringing technology into
like the metaverse it's like for example
it's like even stuff like vr like it's a
wearable technology but what you realize
when you have a technology like this you
realize
there that was at the dolphin sound
i'll just like show i don't know if
anyone's interested but i can also just
share
um touch design actually yeah
it's the right one
i don't know if it's gonna work because
it's i think it's
been a bit too heavy for the oh i think
basically the processing power is too
much so we can't do it whilst on live
stream we realized
[Music]
um
so yeah just do that instead
so
[Music]
i don't know if you can hear that but
i've got
[Music]
oh my goodness again
and it's really like vibrate like it
like breaks and goes like through the
belly like it goes through your room
like
yeah you have to really use your stomach
to like understand like you could come
from the stomach to understand what's
going on which is interesting too
exactly
[Music]
what a whale incredible
wow that's amazing guys um
you know i would love to talk to you a
little bit about you know
what how this project came about you
know this is your first and not your
first wearable actually i know you
collaborated with agf hydra in the past
on some garments um but i'm curious
about kind of what inspired this project
and what made you want to create this
haptic experience you know as most of
your work is rooted in installation and
uh virtual environments
well i think we've always been really
interested in the body and we wanted
like technology that could actually
encompass the full body and we've been
interested in making a month's pageview
technology but i guess we haven't made
any wearables i think it really it also
it originally just really stemmed from
this durational performance that we did
where because you could just buy online
they're kind of silicon pregnancy
buddies but it was just so crazy what
sort of visceral and emotional reactions
that so
emotional people cry when they wear it
like it's quite intense like it's like
really like you have some very and also
just like it being very genderless like
it's totally not to do with like
gender at all
it's really to do with just like if you
if you feel it's real you just think
it's real and everyone has a connection
to the womb because everyone comes from
the womb but we share a room with all
other animals too so it's like yeah i
think it's just something that's like
it's like the wisdom of the architecture
of the womb is so important because it's
very clever technology actually much
better than you know like neurolink or
something like that it makes elon feel
very stupid you know
[Laughter]
so it's like yeah it's really important
yeah i think with any any sort of
prototype though and making something
like really really new it's definitely
been quite a journey for us to get to
these like points and we're just always
discovering new things so recently well
we're doing a performance tomorrow um
with the silicon valley but this time
we're working with a singer to actually
sing into the belly as well so we want
live yeah live so we want that kind of
we want also it's like how do you get
other people's experiences and other
people to really feel those yeah
experiences and like
like a beautiful way to like communicate
that yeah we're also looking at actually
like saying some of it so saints are
performing precious
and she um
so some of the research she was looking
into was you know the it's quite a while
ago that david attenborough was um bjork
documentary
do you remember that i don't know it's
quite it's yeah it's quite popular and
then like um
in the documentary david attenborough
talks to york about how actually like um
if you think of our vocal range our
vocal range we hardly use any of our
vocal range to speak and actually
what it proves biologically is that we
were made to sing we weren't made to
speak
to each other but it's also interesting
because for example in japan how you
pronounce certain words you actually
have to use like uh you have to use like
different frequencies and like or sound
if it's like it can be the same word but
it has to be
um
lyrically like spoken a certain way for
it to be communicated but it's like um
so we were talking a lot about that with
like uh to her about it when she was
talking to us i guess about it and then
um also what's really interesting is
that the
she will sing
in uh when
people are wearing that we have two
rooms at the moment so they'll be
wearing the womb so you're directly like
hustling will go directly into the
valley live
so it's gonna be really beautiful
that's amazing um
i mean i know as well that this project
was something that you know you guys
were really
um
you were really you know you really
wanted this to be an experience that was
accessible to people who could not bear
children for whatever reason and to give
them that experience um
and that's you know we were talking
earlier earlier this morning about what
it takes to really understand the other
subjects position and what it how you
can get closer to
you know the experience of
a tree or you know something else we're
always going to be in our own defined
subject positions but we can do small
things that help us to build that
empathy that help us to get somewhat
closer if not you know all the way
towards another kind of experience
through you know alterity this otherness
um
and it's really interesting to hear the
emotional responses that have you know
come out of this come out of this
project um
you know to shift gears a little bit you
know in wisdoms for love 3.0 you guys
pose a really radical concept that you
know rather than thinking of the meta
versus something that's rooted in
transaction and property ownership um
that and and and financial value that
what can we do to build a metaverse
that's built on love connection um and
wisdom how do we change the ideals and
i'm wondering you know it's a couple
months out from this project and now
you've moved on to the womb and
different kinds of sensory experiences
you know how do you think that we as a
as a species can can get there can can
get to love 3.0
so
going to the wisdoms the idea of the
wisdom tokens and like the blockchain
and how it works and these non-fundable
tokens i guess like the ideas that you
could actually make like
uh so for example it's like how you win
the game is through like
essentially numbers like money money
helps you win the game on the earth but
actually like we need to think of like
structures and games that allow us and
so for example the money is like our
tool
and what a non-fungible token does it
kind of creates like a more like um
you like the either
the asset could be anything so the idea
is like what happens if we start to
preserve like wisdom and we trade
through wisdom what kind of like um what
is the game for that on the earth like
things like that so we're like trying
that's how we were like trying to think
about it it was like how do you actually
like look at the economic system and how
it would play that game and like if you
take a non-fungible token and it could
be anything like what happens if people
start trading and wisdom
and they preserve it like
we're just like yes we're kind of
thinking of stuff like that
do you think that that's a future that's
possible at this time
uh i think people are very uh
i think it's like um
it's it can be like very idealistic to
think like that i guess and i think that
like um
also i like i think that's
pretty is quite good
oh yeah yeah that's a good idea like um
so i think the idea of pre i mean tanya
was better than me but um
the basic idea of pre is kind of when
you're kind of before like a big like
big changes and it's kind of the idea
that maybe in this moment in time
especially when there's like a lot of
tension and like the division
and so and bubbling it's because we know
what the end of something that's why the
the peace which comes wisdoms for where
it comes from most of us we are at the
end of something it's like you know
you're kind of at the end of something
you're you're in pre you're in pre
before something new is coming along we
don't know what that is
yeah so we
i can't remember what the initial
question was their way sorry it was like
about the about the future like what
could be good for because this exchange
of wisdom will go for the future like
good for the future ah
i think yeah yeah so i think um
the thing is it's like there's always
just like things like the world is
positive and negative we're always in a
process of learning and it's like we
often don't see
yeah we like often don't see the
progression of what of those changes but
things have immensely changed like even
within our lifetime like each generation
is so different with different
ideologies different beliefs different
um
things certain like uh things that are
better or worse or whatever it's like
you know things nothing we will never
ever
be in pure bliss
but that the point is is that we
yearn to
be better you know i mean it's more
about that it's more about yearning to
be better it's not about like oh it's
very like uh black and white to think oh
is the future going to be good or bad
and i think we are becoming more nuanced
human beings that's why there is more
tension we're like more nuanced but so
black and white because we're we're keep
learning more nuance so every subject
that is black and white but we're
learning more and more subjects on
things so i think it's just like you
know
it everything like
every human being is bad and good in so
many different ways it's not really
about that if you get what i mean it's
not it isn't about that it's about just
doing what you can
and also it's amazing because humans
like have a desire to
exist
and to like do something in the world
like that's amazing in itself that we
like
we strive of um having a passion for
something we don't even understand why
we have the passion for that thing but
we journey throughout our whole lifetime
searching for that thing like that's
pretty cool like it makes no sense do
you know what i mean
so i think that's more how we think
about it
yeah totally
i mean can i i wanted to say
i'm having like a little full circle
moment because we were speaking with
tabitha rosare earlier
and she was she's cultivating this like
wellness space like in south america and
like we're talking a lot about midwifery
and like midwife training and like this
ancestral call
to birthing and like supporting women
through birth and so i think
these themes of like
transitional states and support systems
and reconnectivity and like
finding our humanness like within all of
that or like making sure that it stays
intact as technology advances
is really essential and like a lot of
the artists that we've been talking to
today have already like have touched on
that in different ways and i think
your practice is very much like
at the forefront of that i know i mean i
see it as that
that there is like an urgency in your
work and there is an urgency in like
repurposing these technologies and
finding the ways to
hack them queer them like
do you know because often if you
demystify them then i feel really
exciting
well obviously what's that
obviously because if you think of what
yeah no no no
no no no no no i don't mean it like that
like you're not
your point is amazing but what i mean
it's like
obviously because
um think of all the companies that exist
think about like how sterile they've
made the technology like the technology
does not serve us and they have to be
sterile like it can be squished it could
be squidgy
yeah it can be squishy but it's like
okay we know something's missing we know
that we can't get to the meta first
through going using a mouse and going on
decentraland and buying digital land
that you know if i look at a digital
sunset i'm not going to feel the embrace
of nature like it's like we know that
like deep down it's not it's like you
know like there right like it's like the
idea of saying like oh nature is super
cool rather than it's beautiful and it
embraces me and i feel like this weight
lifted off my shoulder it's not the same
so it's like we know that the technology
isn't that's being created because it's
all about tools it's like money is a
tool it's these assets tools they create
the game on the earth so we need to like
uh
we need to invent the right ones because
they're clearly not being invented
i know obviously lots of people are but
i think people have
like it's because you've got to make it
like um
accessible and viable for like large
groups of people and to make money off
it and it has to be like um familiar
but the familiarity of a screen is not
like we see the phone as if it's like we
have attachment bond to our phone
but the and we love to hold our phone so
so much but the phone is like uh
it's still not the best way of portaling
through other worlds and other people's
experiences it's like we think we when
we go online we experience other
people's experiences but we don't insert
on so many levels so we're not creating
the right assets and technologies
to enable this and people feel that so
many people know this
wow um
i've talked to you guys about this for
hours i'm so scared we are out of time
um
this was so wonderful thank you for
debuts thank you for sharing the meta
boom with us in advance of your really
exciting performance tomorrow night
break a leg guys we really appreciate
you
i'm worried that please don't say it
hey in show business that's good luck so
you know
uh you know i hope i wish you guys all
the best i appreciate you being here in
the audience please go to
wisdoms4.love to play the game that's
wisdoms wisdoms4.love um
you have to have hate that
yes in front
so
maybe maybe put in a link in the chat
it's dropped in the chat for those in
the live stream for everyone else it'll
be on the great area website afterwards
uh enjoy it um it's really it's a really
fun experience and it's really rich with
a lot of complicated narratives that uh
the player gets to to weave together
um thank you guys so much
thank you so much